Thomas Simic Carlos tobon great play
from the home side can dispossessed him
get flicks it for Petra dos moon King go
the challenge town powers can now you'll
fade out muscled Carlos again gets up 14
steps through the defender cuts it
through now your face nor face shoots
across the face of goal for donkey King
get the crown owes boring Avicenna
or back the most sliding in misses out
great balls road
keeping possession well raw straight
past for trade offs old cooter should
have shot should stay off the defender
table I think it was in our corner at be
lays down the line
the casting saw Bratton deep run
knocking it around well the raw ball
into the box letter O over the bar from
the edge of the box should have hit the
target Bratton
then who was slipped in the middle of
the park this could be trouble for the
war Thomas early now you'll pay for car
in a little bit of spice will he use his
pace cuts inside still go and gets his
head up glorious ball for Thomas slides
it across back tonight thinks got the
touch heard it important one at that
ball into the box
they had no deflected away cam gets it
across Thomas at the far post came
there are next the deadlines the way
in the 56 minute
one wrong move let's have a look armed
white gold Thomas Julia men sit back
down
Campbell there gets it smash it in the
back of the net the home side are in the
lane the quail are absolutely going off
big crowd very happy at the moment ball
forward Brighton boom strong challenge
play on to the referee Carlos may you'll
fight great ball for Butler
he's play one-on-one jokes and a great
side right angles by Acton denies the
striker from lines more forward dou
Bratton good ball forward they're in
behind again cat back in the shot
blocked
they backs brave Carlos doe wins out
Bratton
the knocking around nice and they still
got plenty of space but they're not
getting in behind them anymore
dough looks to shoot does shoots a backs
with the hands de a great double save by
Phil that's a vaccine goals for Lions
corner one doesn't beat Thomas at the
near post Brighton first time back out
Nick ass with the ball in and OH again a
free hear that Jamie Carroll couldn't
get it on target save X goes long
carry up forward first time can gets it
back who the touch is slightly heavy
Acton had to be quick though and that's
the final whistle which sees this Brazil
preseason watch a game in Lions FC one
was the law nil